Hello, everyone. For a start, I wanted to ask you something. Did you ever meet a woman that suffered from postpartum depression? Probably you did, but maybe you didn't notice because it's a mental disease that suffered in silence and without help. These are the worrying numbers. One out of five women suffered from mental health disease in his motherhood. Postpartum depression has 15% of prevalence in our country, with 90% of women that suffered some of these symptoms of mental disease. The most worrying number is that 75% is underdiagnosed. Hello, everyone. We are Eudal Mas and Irene González, and this is our project Dana, taking care of women in their transition into motherhood. Let's take a look to the problem. This is a multifactorial problem with obviously COVID situation, the problem is the underdiagnosis and the lack of treatment in maternal mental health disorders. These effects directly on family, babies, and our focus is mothers' health. So we did interim research to validate this data, and we have a sample of 200 mothers. We found the results that 10% of these women were diagnosed with postpartum depression. An additional discovery was that all the negative emotions became worse from pregnancy to postpartum stage. So our mission is to improve mental health and well-being of women that are transitioning through motherhood. This is our potential market, 3 million mothers in Spain, and we are going to take a look after to the financial part. This is our competence. As you can see, Dana is in the middle of this graph because we are alone in the middle of the graph, because if we take a deeper look to the competitive advantage of the rest, we can see that Dana is the most complete solution for mental health diseases in motherhood. We take all the functionalities, include evidence-based. So take a look at the first look of Dana, a positive health during motherhood. We are going to take a part into preconception, pregnancy, and postpartum stage to work into prevention, assistant, monitor, and consultation. This is the first screen, content, chatbot, evaluation, and consultation. You can see the beautiful designs that we have. We are going to scale this platform into B2C model with the functionality I mentioned, and we are going to scale this on the medical device B2B platform with after clinical trial, with validated clinical surveys, monitoring of mental health, and artificial intelligence prediction and prevention. Here is the income model. We are going to launch a freemium platform with premium and purchase it in the app, and for B2B, we are going to sell a software as a service to hospital and clinical centers. You remember the potential market. We have this impact, 15 million euros only in Spain, and here we are on financial roadmap. We are looking for investors for this 50,000 euros to start the MVP model. This is our B2C income for the next three years, and we are there launching our first MVP platform at the end of May, and then very fast moving into B2 second MVP launch and medical device for the next year. We are now on conversation with hospital, clinic, the shows, and San Juan de Déu for the clinical trial next year. So, Dana is a project with impact. We are impacting on innovation with the use of artificial intelligence for better prediction of mental health disorders. We are impacting also on healthcare, giving to the healthcare system a result for better treatment of their patients, and the most special one is that Dana is a project with social impact. This is our team, our amazing team, multidisciplinary team with very professional profiles. We also come with ecosystem of professionals and content creators, and the last one, I want to make you think, in this woman with mental health disorder in his motherhood, we wanted to create Dana for help all those women in his motherhood because they are the future mothers of our next generation. Thank you very much. 20 seconds for thank you to all the staff of IDAP and SADE and all the organization. Thank you to the mentors. Thank you to the guests, and thank you everyone for make it possible.
