Hi. Let me introduce Team Ursify to you. This is Paul, this is Marcus, my name is Will, and welcome to the solution to your rental problem. Let me kick off this pitch with a short story that happened last summer. I wanted to go mountain bike with my new friends in the beautiful Montañas of Barcelona, but as an international student, I don't have my mountain bike here. It is back home. And as I was scanning the rental options for a mountain bike, I realized it was either an incredible organizational hustle with the professional rental shops, or just way too expensive, considering you have it for a week, for a weekend or a day. This brought us to our solution. Ursify. Rent anything, anywhere. Our team from Ursify is currently building up a peer-to-peer rental platform, aiming to connect people on the look for cheap and uncomplicated rental of items. Let me go back to my mountain bike example. I, on the desperate search for a mountain bike, would go onto our website, type in mountain bike into the search bar, and based on my current location, I would be connected to someone that is willing to rent his bike out. Maybe one of you has a bike, a mountain bike, sitting around in his basement, just collecting dust. Well, with Ursify, you can not only help out a poor fellow like me, no, you can also monetize on your belongings. The advantages are quite obvious. No more organizational hustle, no more stress with the expensive professional rental shops, and no more pricey belongings of yours just sitting around unused. So let's talk about the validation. Based on the analytics of our landing page, we were able to early on identify that we needed to focus on specialized items and specialized categories, like the mountain bike example, musical instruments, sports gears, you name it. Further on, we did more than 50 qualitative interviews to find out that our number one pain point of our potential users is the worry of what happens when I share my items to strangers, and this is why we're currently in the midst of negotiations with several insurance providers, and in specific, the innovation head departments of AXA and Allianz Spain. Now, to ensure a value proposition of a hustle-free rental experience, we observed different pickup mechanisms in order to make the rental process as seamless as possible, and actually, the idea and the model of a specialized item rental is already highly validated but in another country, in Great Britain. Fat Llama is what we would consider our biggest competitor, has been able to scale up significantly in the past two years, and gathered more than 10 million pounds worth of investment. Now, the next step we thought, where should we start Ursify? And we identified that here in Catalonia and in Spain, we have a very good culture market fit for an introduction of such a peer-to-peer rental solution, and it's not only the first mover advantage but also the model of this winner-takes-it-all market that makes it so interesting. Now, as we've just heard from our previous teams, sharing economy is a true hype. This is why we believe that right now is the perfect moment for Spain to introduce Ursify and such a model to not only benefit from the impact but also benefit from the networking effects and the word-of-mouth propaganda. So let's take a look at the business model and how we plan to monetize. So our first financial forecast suggests profitability within three years, based on our underlying assumptions. But how do we get there? So we will start with two main revenue streams. First, we will charge a 12% commission per transaction. This is highly effective and done by other platforms because the cost is hidden and therefore the service appears to be free to the end customer. And based on our interviews and our competitors, we estimate the renting period of around three days with an average ticket price of 80 euros. Second, we will focus on ads. Here we can effectively target niche customer segments thanks to our predefined product categories. Further down the line, we also want to implement additional revenue streams through listing fees and additional marketing tools. This is also done by other successful platforms such as Wallapop or Airbnb. So where are we now and where do we want to go? We know that we're going to operate in a winner-takes-it-all market, so we have to be quick. We concluded that besides our web page setup costs and our initial insurance expenses, we want to spend most of our funding in a marketing campaign which is serving both sides of the platform to overcome a chicken and egg problem. To make this real, these next steps, we calculated a financial need of 115,000 euros. Along our journey, it's not only our amazing team, but also our highly experienced mentor, Urs Rothmeier, who's the director of Honours Institute in Barcelona. And now we want to welcome you to join us in our journey to enable Will to have a nice weekend on his mountain bike. So join our philosophy, don't buy, rent, don't own, share. We are Team Versify.
